Assignment 1 (#2)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/next-steps.md

---
title: "Next Steps"
date: 2023-01-11T13:14:59-06:00
draft: false
weight: 6

> originalAuthor: Courtney Frey # to be set by page creator
> originalAuthorGitHub: speudusa # to be set by page creator
> reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
> reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
> lastEditor: Courtney Frey # update any time edits are made after review
> lastEditorGitHub: speudusa # update any time edits are made after review
> lastMod: 2023-02-07  # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
originalAuthor: John Woolbright # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: jwoolbright23 # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor:  # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub:  # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod:   # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE
```
